Game is a rogue-like tactics game in the style of final fantasy tactics advanced. 

Players will be given choices in quests that will award them points into either 'fame' for general to good acts and 'infamy' for things seen as bad. These combined will be known as 'renown' and will tie into the FOIL system that is detailed with the technical director. 

The rogue-like aspect is that each character that the player uses, when they die, will leave behind a 'legacy' depending on the life you lived. For example; if you are a thief you might steal a bunch of stuff, establish a hideout and be hunted by the royal guard. While on the run, you can choose to 'hide' your goods in a stash location. When your character dies, the next one you inherit will be able to find a quest for the search for previous characters gold, which of course you as the player knows where it is, and then maybe a small fight to claim it. Another example is that you will play a magic character in chapter 3, where you are given the option of founding a magic school. Further down he quest line, you find dark magic artifacts, which if you choose to use, you can become a necromancer. The end of the necromancer questline would see you given the option to sacrifice a specific amount of health to leave behind a piece of your soul; if you are killed, your next character would have a legacy quest available to resurrect the evil necromancer, which if you accept, your character would be transformed into the necromancer from previous with however much health you decided to sacrifice at the time. Player choice would allow the computer to take the opposite side of these quests, if the player decided for example to not pursue the dark magic artifacts, another person in the school would and the dark necromancer quest line would still play out with the player being the good guy. 

Players will all start the game at the same point, arriving in a small town for the first time and a riot breaks out as a group of thieves attack. The player will be given the first choice; either help the thieves and take advantage of the chaos to steal or help the guards to repel the attack. This will set the player on the course of either the thieves guild/merchant path or the knight/ranger etc. Whatever choice they didn't make will follow as chapter 2, then chapter 3 will introduce magic to the world as their third character. 

A main point in the game, is the world has to feel alive. The world will progress as the player continues their story, but it cannot feel as though time stands still when the player is absent from a city. Every time the player makes a choice to upgrade a city, another city that is unlocked should also fill in a slot. or fill in upgrades periodically. Each quest will normally have at least 2 sides for the player to chose from, the other choices should still be played out by 'cpu' character that can become recurring characters to the player (assuming they aren't killed) and even leave legacies of their own. For example; if the player is a infamous thief and in fleeing a robbery kills a guard captain, it could spawn a legacy character that now has a vendetta against the player, when they do battle itll be a FOIL level x because of that. 